so all over the internet there are
charts and books for sale and guides and
YouTube videos designed to help the
young American male become a man and
find his masculinity most are utterly
ridiculous
about those we're not talking about
Japanese art and a Japanese concept
years ago seems like a lifetime ago drew
a rotation working in well what amounts
to a call center that you hope the phone
never rings basically two guys sitting
in a room staring at each other for
hours on end as luck would have it my
turn of doing this for a month I got the
overnight shift then it was this old
Japanese guy and I mean old when we were
off when I got with each other there
weren't a lot of friendly people in the
area so we did what a lot of men do we
drank way too much constantly six seven
hours at a time playing chess and just
getting hammered one night we're
drinking sake and he picks up the cup in
front of him and he is just out of his
mind drunk and he starts rambling about
how perfect it is while pointing out all
of the imperfections in it and then he
grabs my cup in my cups perfect too but
it has different imperfections they're
perfect because they don't conform even
though he could tell they were made by
the same artist and he goes on to tell
me that it's a Japanese concept called
Shibumi and this term this idea doesn't
have a definition in Japanese it
embodies characteristics but it's a
fluid definition and after telling me
there is no definition for it he goes on
to try to define it I want you to
picture a very drunk old Japanese guy
trying to define a Japanese term that
does not have a definition in Japanese
to an American that has no clue what
he's talking about
he says that it's subtle understated
it's a part of nature but separate from
it and in control of it
exercising control over it and then he
says the phrase that sticks in my mind
he says it's perfection without effort
effortless perfection now that is a hard
idea to get your head around the second
you try you fail subtle understate it a
part of nature and accepting of nature
but separate from it and in control of
it an effortless that's masculinity
maybe masculinity can't be quantified
the way people try maybe it can't be
charted yeah their natural
characteristics that you're going to
embrace but you're gonna maintain
control over him and you're gonna be
separate from him and it's gonna be
effortless it's gonna be effortless
because you're not gonna try to force
yourself to fit some mold it's gonna be
perfect because you're not gonna conform
to a chart maybe your masculinity is
gonna be different than mine masculinity
is not a team sport requires a lot of
introspection requires knowing yourself
it's not a checklist there is no
guidebook for it get you
the constants or that you're not trying
to use your natural aggressiveness to
subjugate others trying to lift them up
you know today a lot of those who talk
about masculinity they want to keep
others down we wrote masculinity doesn't
care because Rho masculinity likes a
challenge you know if you help them get
up and they're better than you well that
just means you have to get better and
that's what it's about it's not about
subjugating other people it's about
improving yourself masculinity isn't a
trait it's a journey when you see
somebody trying to be masculine you see
somebody trying to be a tough guy what
happens you immediately know they're not
because it doesn't fit it's not who they
are if they were that guy they wouldn't
be trying it would just be natural it
would be effortless subtle understated a
part of nature and accepting of nature
but separate from it and in control of
it and effortless
that's masculinity masculinity is
something you're gonna define for
yourself so maybe instead of trying to
look for role models to mimic and try to
force yourself to become like them maybe
the secret for the young American male
in search of masculinity is to accept
what it is in you
so I'm gonna tell you three masculine
role models that I have the first we
started his career off as a police chief
and he used to go undercover
dressed like a poor citizen and tried to
catch his cops doing something wrong
being corrupt taking a bribe taking
advantage of people whatever and if he
did well he'd beat him up and fire him
one legend says he beat the guy up
stripped him naked threw him in a
dumpster and then fired him later on he
was working in the Secretary of the
Navy's office and he kind of started a
war but rather than sitting in the
comfort and safety of that office he
wouldn't fought on the front lines about
the medal of honor for later he was
going to give a speech would-be assassin
walked up shot him in the chest he gave
the speech bullet in his chest he was a
huge conservationist an explorer he was
a feminist when he was president he had
a boxing ring installed at the White
House was almost blinded in a fight he
was the first president to invite a
black man to come have dinner at the
White House won the Nobel Peace Prize
back when it actually mattered that was
Teddy Roosevelt definitely the pinnacle
of American masculinity when it comes to
the individualism and the desire to
uplift those who are downtrodden and the
willingness to put his own rear on the
line when it mattered another guy looked
up to a little bit different he was a
sergeant during World War two
in France and Africa after the war he
came back to his
little small-town his wife died he
became sheriff spent most of his time
looking after his boy and he was unique
because well Hollywood was gonna make a
movie about it they're gonna call the
movie the sheriff without a gun or
something along those lines because he
didn't carry one I mean he had one in
his car but he didn't walk around with
one he was very active in his community
and he tried to solve problems by
humanizing the two opposing parties in
each other's eyes he's some very unique
conflict resolution I was sheriff Andy
Taylor from The Andy Griffith Show not
what you would think of as a tough guy
but definitely a masculine figure that
wholesome masculine now on the other end
of things John F Kennedy always looked
up to him same principle so he did put
his rear on the line but at the same
time he was trying to up left now as
president he was trying to free the
oppressed took a lot of vision for some
of the things that he proposed
we're going to talk about talk
giel entity a little bit yeah that
didn't come from feminism guys came from
the first m-ras
that's where the term originated toxic
is not an adjective it's a modifier it
was a way for them to distinguish
between what they referred to as hyper
masculine immature behavior okay and the
deep masculine the stuff that mattered
didn't come from feminism and they
believe that that toxic masculinity was
the extremes the extremes you know the
need to dominate everything and see
people right now of them well no
masculinity means assertiveness and
aggressiveness with cause with a reason
that reasons been lost but it certainly
seems like men have been wanted to hold
on to the violence and to that
dominating spirit but they lost all the
ideals that went with it they wanted to
hang on to it because it's glorified it
had to be glorified the system had to
glorify it otherwise stupid men wouldn't
run off to go to war no nobody wants to
go die but if it's glorified well then
you know you got a reason to do it
and that glorification of violence has
led to men wanting to use violence for
everything rather than men becoming
hyper masculine or feminist both
happened both hold these men want to cry
and with somebody else to take care of
them while they pretend that they're
this aggressive dominant self-reliant
person then are more violent that's
that's fact statistically proven its
fact men are more violent and that that
violence is the reason that toxic
masculinity has to be put in check
make me a sandwich do my laundry clean
my house mean and then you have the
feminism makes you ugly meme okay guys
if you are so shallow that you're going
to marry a woman because she can cook I
would hope that your palate is a little
bit more refined than simply needing a
BLT
that's a you're setting the bar pretty
low I mean I would hope that you would
need a little bit more skill in that
department but anyway
thatthat subsided point as far as
cooking cleaning doing your laundry you
probably already had a woman in your
life that did that for you and that was
your mommy see my four-year-old can make
his own sandwich it may be that the
reason you have a problem with adult
women has nothing to do with feminism
and it has to do with the fact that
you're still a little boy that would be
my guess but let's go on the feminism
makes you ugly mean now if you haven't
seen one of these what did what it is is
they find a feminist that they don't
find attractive and then they cyber
stalker they go back through and they
find her senior portrait from high
school which you know she looks all
wholesome the photo was taken when she
was like 17 go ahead and marinate on
that for a second their ideal of
attractiveness is a teenager maybe
you're still a little boy and the after
photo is of course one of her in college
where she's probably put on the freshman
like most do maybe she dyed her hair a
wild color got a piercing whatever so
what's the point of the mean don't
listen to this woman because of how she
looks the objectification of women guys
that is not that's not an argument
against feminism that's why feminism
exists that's that's one of the key
issues and then there's always the added
thing of
the caption says something like don't
let this happen to your daughter seeing
that after photo she's an adult she is
an adult yet she's still property of
some other man because she's not married
yet right
she's so she still belongs to her dad
still need that parental figure maybe
you're a little boy then it goes on
there are other comments about male
feminists and how they're all soft and
they are soy
where's your Medal of Honor at mr. mean
maker Teddy Roosevelt is pretty much the
pinnacle of American masculinity Medal
of Honor recipient Nobel Peace Prize
he's also a founding feminist why
because masculine men they're not afraid
of independent women now another
argument against it is you know against
feminism is that feminism is no longer
needed because the patriarchy is dead
and yeah one definition of patriarchy is
a society in which a male ruler inherits
his title from his dad
that is one definition of patriarchy you
are correct another is a society in
which men will get most of the power and
women are typically excluded to a degree
named the last female president no vice
president now there are 23 female US
senators and that I think is a record I
think that's as high as it's ever been
I could be wrong but I'm pretty sure
that's a record
how many would they need for equal
representation in our representative
democracy 50 twice as many House of
Representatives has 87 female
representatives I believe for there to
be equal representation there they would
need to be 217 closing in on three times
as men
certainly seems like men willed most of
the power
so patriarchy does still exist and adds
a loaded term and it's a term a lot of
people don't understand but it is still
there
now but this isn't to say that I agree
with every tactic that radical feminists
use but they never asked me
I believe in diversity of tactics so I
mean whatever they're drawing attention
to a cause that still needs some
attention at the end of the day guys all
women have to be two things and that's
it who and what they want what you think
doesn't matter the fact that you don't
find her attractive doesn't matter the
fact that she intimidates you because
she is more educated or because she
makes more money or because whatever
doesn't matter that's your hang-up not
hers anyway just a thought you all have
a guy of a good day